VAR is a really cool place so fast in
some places it's maybe my favorite
favorite since of the air in America
past technical
evaluation changes just want to drive
right 31 straight sectional corners the
faster game is going to watch the bug
off the track really really cool place
some of the best turns any track that I
go to all year around the world the
famous up your lessons we could nearly
go flat through there at 150-plus miles
an hour which is pretty incredible you
come out of here in fish here and you
pull six gear from mullets the car goes
up completely in the air all driver it's
us the great border I definitely a
challenging tracker you got to be on
your game and full focus 10 10 to the
time your access is so good there's very
few tracks that you can just hop in your
car and drive to almost any part of the
inside of that track get on the fence
and watch the cars right next to you
we only have the two GT classes
competing the general racetrack drivers
love in this ribbon of Asheville at vir
has never looked better last year at vir
we were focused we're focused on taking
the point's lead and we're focused on
winning the championship then battle for
the lead in the GT Daytona class
nice move there
for our time this year
that was really one of the greatest wins
we are last year
last year's race was holds competitive
everybody was battling tooth and nail
the whole way it's always a tough
circuit it was a little drama near the
end in the last lap I remember it were
so close with the Falcon car just before
the back straight I remember that very
good exit hiccups infirmary looking for
the link busy common
an amazing race there's a fantastic
result for us risi competizione a
Ferrari win gtlm awesome stuff here at
vir water racetrack follow us to
Virginia International Raceway august
twenty-first through 23rd for the tudor
united sportscar championship